Let's go back over to our order service and build our two publishers for the events that we just created.
So inside the SRC directory, I'll make a new folder of events.
Then inside there I'll make a new folder of publishers.
And inside that I'm going to make two files.
One I would call order created publisher.
An order cancelled.
Publisher.
Let's start off first with our order created publisher.
So remember what we need to import at the top of the file.
We need to make sure we get our publisher base class.
We also need to get our order created event.
So we'll get our.
Publisher.
Order created event and we also need that subjects in them as well so we can specify the subject we
should use when we publish this event.
So subjects and I'll get all that from my common module.
Then inside of here we will export a new class called Order Created Publisher.
That's going to be extending our publisher base class.
And remember, this is a generic class where we stick in at the event that we're going to eventually
emit.
So order created event.
We're then told right away by TypeScript that we need to define that abstract property.
So we could say that we're going to have a subject property.
We're going to annotate this properties type as subjects dot order.
Created.
And the value for it will be subjects, not order created.
And that's pretty much it.
So now any time that we want to publish an event saying that in order has been created, we would write
out something like New Order Created Publisher.
Remember, we will throw in our Nats client and then we would call publish.
And inside this object right here, we pass all of our different data properties.
So in our case, that would be the ID of the order, the user ID, the status expires at and then some
information about the ticket itself.
And that's pretty much it.
So let's now repeat the same process for the order canceled publisher as well.
So here's Order Canceled Publisher.
At the top, we will once again do a import for subjects publisher.
An order canceled.
Event.
From the common module.
We'll export a class of order cancelled publisher.
And that's going to be extending our publisher base class.
Throw in our order cancelled event.
And once again we need to define the subject property on here so our subject will be uptight subjects
order cancelled and its value will be subjects, not order cancelled.
And that's it.
Well, that's all we have to do to define a publisher inside of here.
So this is looking pretty good.
Let's take a pause right here.
We're going to go back over to our two route handlers in the next video and make use of these two publishers
to make sure that we publish some events at the appropriate time.